Create CONTRIBUTING.md and clarify process for adding flags. (#4)
JoeHart/pride-flag-api: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing

## Adding flags

> Flags are stored in the `flags` folder. To add a new one simply:

Author: Great suggestion, very good catch will try and make sure I don't add that into docs in the future 😄

> 

Author: Great shout, will add a `how to clone` part to the docs

1. Create a new js file with the id of the flag `flagid.js`

> 2. Fill the flag out with it's info.

Reviewer: `it's info` is a bit vague on its own, so it could be nice to add a reference like:

```suggestion
2. Fill the file out with the flag's info. You can use the format of [`pride_1978_sevenStripes.js`](./data/flags/pride_1978_sevenStripes.js) as a reference.
```

3. Add the flag to the `flags/index.js` file.
4. Add the flag svg file to `flags/svg` folder. Generally I source the SVGs from wikipedia, if you need any help creating them feel free to message me on [Twitter](https://twitter.com/joehart).
5. Then import the svg to the `flagid.js` file.
6. Raise a PR for adding the flag

> Note if adding multiple flags, please raise a PR per individual flag added.

Reviewer: 💯

> 

Reviewer: Something to consider: It could be nice to add a sub-section about how to run the site locally. That way, people know how to check if their flag SVG is rendering correctly under the `/flags` route before opening their PR.
